Add sustainability modules to mapping documentation (#422)
open-contracting/infrastructure: docs/cost/ids/core.md

# Core standard

<style>
.wy-nav-content {
  max-width: 1200px;
}
</style>

## Project level

> ## Identification

Reviewer: The heading levels below level 2 don't seem correct.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/open-contracting/infrastructure/pull/422/commits/c6104c6125a01841151d4f10f2d875b438014aac

```{csv-table-no-translate}
:header-rows: 1
:included_cols: 0,1,2
:file: ../../../build/current_lang/project-level-identification.csv
```

### Preparation

```{csv-table-no-translate}
:header-rows: 1
:included_cols: 0,1,2
:file: ../../../build/current_lang/project-level-preparation.csv
```

### Project completion

```{csv-table-no-translate}
:header-rows: 1
:included_cols: 0,1,2
:file: ../../../build/current_lang/project-level-completion.csv
```

### Reactive disclosures

#### Identification and preparation

```{csv-table-no-translate}
:header-rows: 1
:included_cols: 0,1,2
:file: ../../../build/current_lang/reactive-project-level-identification-preparation.csv
```

#### Completion

```{csv-table-no-translate}
:header-rows: 1
:included_cols: 0,1,2
:file: ../../../build/current_lang/reactive-project-level-completion.csv
```

> #### Implementation progress reports

Reviewer: This was originally one heading level lower than Completion

Author: Ah, good spot. Fixed in https://github.com/open-contracting/infrastructure/pull/422/commits/c71446fb5f86849bc7575b9811164ed53e27a159

# Core standard

<style>
.wy-nav-content {
  max-width: 1200px;
}
</style>

> This page documents a mapping from the 'core' CoST IDS elements to OC4IDS fields and codes. The organization of the mapping tables reflects the structure of the CoST IDS.

Reviewer: In case I close https://github.com/open-contracting/standard-maintenance-scripts/issues/10 (done for extensions, but not for standards or profiles), let's use double quotes for colloquial quotes.

```suggestion
This page documents a mapping from the "core" CoST IDS elements to OC4IDS fields and codes. The organization of the mapping tables reflects the structure of the CoST IDS.
```

> The CoST IDS sets out a number of disclosure requirements under the heading of 'information for disclosure upon request', also known as 'reactive disclosure'. You can disclose these elements proactively using OC4IDS. Separate tables are provided for project-level and process-level reactive disclosures.

Reviewer: As previous comment, plus quotation marks go outside punctuation, even if that punctuation doesn't appear in the quoted material.

```suggestion
The CoST IDS sets out a number of disclosure requirements under the heading of "information for disclosure upon request," also known as "reactive disclosure." You can disclose these elements proactively using OC4IDS. Separate tables are provided for project-level and process-level reactive disclosures.
```

Author: I continue to expand my knowledge of the differences between American and British English!

> The CoST IDS sets out a number of disclosure requirements under the heading of 'information for disclosure upon request', also known as 'reactive disclosure'. You can disclose these elements proactively using OC4IDS. Separate tables are provided for project-level and process-level reactive disclosures.

Reviewer: Should this paragraph also be present in `ocds.md`?

Author: Yes! Added in https://github.com/open-contracting/infrastructure/pull/422/commits/a198afb8f399543876b2b07ff0cd56481760c398
